Update cmd-docs.md (#5518)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/commands/cmd-docs.md

### dbt docs serve
This command starts a webserver on port 8080 to serve your documentation locally and opens the documentation site in your default browser. The webserver is rooted in your `target/` directory. Be sure to run `dbt docs generate` before `dbt docs serve` because the  `generate` command produces a [catalog metadata artifact](/reference/artifacts/catalog-json) that the `serve` command depends upon. You will see an error message if the catalog is missing.  

> This command is meant to be used with dbt-core CLI and not within the dbt Cloud IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only use this command if you're developing locally in the dbt Core CLI. This command isn't meant to be used with the dbt Cloud IDE.
```
